# Bindless level solutions
Struggling to solve levels? Here's some general advice:
- Magnetic simulations can be complex. Do not try to understand levels as a whole at once. Just try something, observe what happens and learn from that. In many cases you only need to solve one problem at a time. If you get stuck, backtracking from the goal can help a lot: do you need to push or pull to get there? Do you need any specific wire rewired, or any large magnet powered or unpowered? It's also worth knowing that puzzles do not try to mislead you. While some levels can be solved without using all your ability charges, the "standard" solutions are designed so every ability charge and element in the level are meaningful.

From here on, the solutions of each level in the game. The scene IDs of the levels are also provided, so you can directly jump to any of them by holding `J`, writing the ID number of the level with the numeric keys on the top of the keyboard, and then releasing `J` again:
- **Tutorial #4 (Resolution)** *[ID 6]*: you can't fail this level. You must use both abilities, and any order will work. `Dock` must be used on the leftmost floating magnet in order to power the circuit, and `Rewire` must be used on the wire intersection next to the leftmost large magnet.
- **Tutorial #5 (Circuits And Power)** *[ID 7]*: this level doesn't need to be "solved", but it's still playable. The key idea to be able to reach the targets in succession without using the `[ Recharge abilities ]` option is to use `Dock` not only for transfering the power between the floating magnets in the north-west section, but also to unpower the circuits connected to the large magnets. Given that `Rewire` charges are limited, you must depend on `Dock` in this manner too if you want to be able to keep moving from target to target. When you reach a target, ability charges are partially refilled, so you can make the next journey to the other side.
- **Tutorial #6 (Synchrony)** *[ID 8]*: the correct sequence is first `Dock` and then `Rewire`. The abilities can only be used on a single location each, so that's also easy. The goal of this puzzle, though, is to show that knowing the correct sequence of actions sometimes isn't enough on its own, and timing can also be important. This case is fairly trivial, though, and it's enough to use `Rewire` just as the right magnet is entering the tile in front of the bottommost large magnet.
- ... WIP